INSTALL - information about source, compilation etc.
----------------------------------------------------

zgv requires these libraries to be installed:

- svgalib (or SDL, depending on the backend chosen in config.mk)
- libjpeg
- libpng
- zlib
- libtiff

(If you decide to enable PCD_SUPPORT, you'll also need libpcd, from
the xpcd package.)

At least for Linux users these should all (except possibly libpcd?)
come with your distribution, and are probably already installed if you
use anything remotely `graphicsy'. :-) Do be sure to install any
accompanying `development' packages too, as these usually contain
header files necessary for compilation.

Any reasonably recent versions will do for all of these libraries, I
imagine. As ever though, I should note that you shouldn't use svgalib
version 1.2.10 or earlier due to a potential security risk.

So, once you're sure those libraries are installed, you should have an
overall check through `config.mk', to see if it all looks ok. Most
people should find it ok as-is, but you may want to change PREFIX
and/or uncomment SHARE_INFIX if you want the files to go somewhere
other than /usr/local/bin, /usr/local/info, and /usr/local/man/man1.

(As already mentioned, there's also an option to use an SDL backend;
I'd recommend only using this if you have to, as if nothing else it
tends to be slower due to the way zgv works. Note that if you do
enable this, the zgv executable will be installed as `zgv-sdl'.)

Then do `make', and (as root) `make install'. This compiles zgv, then
installs it and its documentation (both info files and man page).

FreeBSD users should note that zgv apparently requires GNU make -
obviously not a problem on Linux, but on FreeBSD you'll need to allow
for that.

Another note for (only) FreeBSD users - at the time of writing, the
svgalib 1.4.3 port for FreeBSD seems to always allocate a new console
even when it's currently running on one. This is harmless enough, but
does mean that anything zgv puts on stdout (such as the output for
`-h', `-s', and `-T') will end up on that console rather than on zgv's
original stdout, even if you redirect it. Hopefully this problem will
be fixed before long. One possible workaround in the meantime is to
use the SDL backend instead.

Good luck!

-Rus.
